modulo(1) -- a bot framework that smokes pipes!
===============================================

## SYNOPSIS

	modulo [-h] [-v]
	modulo [-d] <plugins-directory> <back-end> [<back-end-option>...]

### OPTIONS

  * `-v`:
    Print the version and exit.

  * `-h`:
    Print the help message and exit.

  * `-d`:
    Start in debug mode (See [SIGNALS][]).

## SIGNALS

modulo reacts to some standard signals, the list below describes their impact:

  * **SIGHUP**: Reload.
	This asks the core to kill every plugins and restart them. This
	is useful if you drop a new script, remove or modify one in the
    specified plugins directory.

  * **SIGUSR1**: Debug mode.
	This toggles the redirection of every standard error stream
	(stderr of back end and plugins) between the core's stderr and
	the back end's stdin. The default is to redirect any stderr to
	the core's stderr (unless the `-d` option is given). Receiving
	this signal will instead forward all messages as input to the
	backend. This is useful for debugging directly from a channel
	or a chat room. Receiving this signal again will switch back to
    the previous state.

## EXAMPLES

*modulo* provides several example back ends and plugins. Have a look at the
*examples* directory within the source.

## AUTHOR

Written by Vivien Didelot <vivien.didelot@gmail.com>.

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2014 Vivien Didelot <vivien.didelot@gmail.com>
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.

This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO 
WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
